##Uploading Resources##

1. Go to https://www.liferay.com
2. Login _(in side menu)_
  * If you do not see the toolbars or edit controls let [Ryan Schuhler](mailto:ryan.schuhler@liferay.com) know and he can check your permissions.
3. Go to Control Panel by either:
  * Clicking `Admin` > `Content`
  * Or going to [https://www.liferay.com/group/control_panel](https://www.liferay.com/group/control_panel)
4. Uploading Resources _(excluding case studies)_
  1. In Control Panel, go to `Documents and Media` > `RESOURCES`
  2. Go into folder for your Resource Type
    * Add folder if it does not exist. Make sure it is in ALL CAPS _(ie. WHITEPAPERS)_
  3. Create new resource by clicking `Add` > **_Resource Type_** _(ie. Whitepaper)_
    1. Title article.
      * Note that the title will be used to create the url _(ie “What is a Portal” url will be “/resources/whitepapers/what-is-a-portal”)_
      * The `Display Title` field is the title that will be shown on the page
    2. Fill in all applicable fields
    3. Under `Categorization` fill in the following
      * Asset Entry List Type = `Resources`
      * Industry Sector
      * Resource Type
    4. Click `Publish`
5. Uploading Case Studies
  1. In Control Panel, go to > `Web Content` > `RESOURCES` > `CASE STUDIES`
  2. Create new case study article by clicking `Add` > `Case Study`
    1. Title article as **_Company Name_**.
      * Note that the title will be used to create the url _(ie “Autozone” url will be “/resources/case-studies/autozone”)_
    2. Fill in all applicable fields _(if applicable, copy content from current case studies https://www.liferay.com/products/liferay-portal/stories)_
    3. Use the repeatable fields of `Subheading` and `Summary Paragraph` to add all content from case study to page
    4. Upload PDF of case study by going to the `Asset` Field and clicking `Select`
      1. Click on `RESOURCES` > `CASE STUDIES`
      2. If a folder for your current case study does not exist _(ie. AUTOZONE)_, create it,
        1. Click `Add` > `Subfolder`
        2. Name the subfolder **_Company Name_** in ALL CAPS _(ie. AUTOZONE)_ and `Save`
      3. Click on folder for your current case study _(ie. AUTOZONE)_
      4. Click `Add` > `Case Study`
        1. Title resource as **_Company Name_**.
        2. Fill in all applicable fields
        3. Do not add any categories _(this will be done back on the article level...see step “5. g.”)_
        4. Click `Publish`
    5. Upload any assets available for the case study _(ie. company logo, videos, screenshots)_
      1. Click on the `Select` button on the field you want to add the asset to
      2. Click on `RESOURCES` > `CASE STUDIES`
      3. If a folder for your current case study does not exist _(ie. AUTOZONE)_, create it,
        1. Click `Add` > `Subfolder`
        2. Name the subfolder **_Company Name_** in ALL CAPS _(ie. AUTOZONE)_ and `Save`
      3. Click on folder for your current case study _(ie. AUTOZONE)_
      4. Click `Add` > `Basic Document`
        1. Title resource to include **_Company Name_** _(ie. Autozone Logo)_.
        2. Do not add any categories
        3. Click `Publish`
    6. Back on the article edit screen, in the `Content` section _(in the right navigation)_ if there are multiple assets associated with the Case Study, provide the `Button Text` for each `Asset`:
      * Case Study EN, Case Study FR, etc.
      * Presentation
    7. Back on the article edit screen, click `Categorization` _(in the right navigation)_ and categorize as follows:
      * Case Type
      * Category List Filter = `Resources`
      * Industry Sector
      * Location
      * Resource Type = `Case Studies`
    8. Click `Publish`
